Tang Shi Group has arrived
Dragon and Phoenix Chengxiang
Get a sword brother
Romantic couple
Shanshui Manor
Foothill Villa Mobile Vice President Wang came to give gifts in person
It can be seen that the Tang family's dedication to Director Qin
Feicheng Xiaoke
As expected of the Tang family
It's really a big deal
Just the dragon and phoenix are auspicious
But millions are required to say the villas of Shanshui Manor separately
Landscape Manor is the top location on the list
Rudan is who is not a generous aristocrat
Just having money doesn't count
President Wang, why did you come in person?
These directors
President Qin
These are the congratulatory messages prepared by Miss Tang Dao for you
This is Miss Tang Dao's pro-wall order.
Director Qin
Don't let Don down.
What does the eldest lady expect from you?
Definitely. Definitely.
I will do my best.
live up to pressure
Husband is so nice
Aren't you going to be prosperous?
Not sent
Look at
Not that the director of the Down Group
Why don't you come and see?
Vice President Wang of the Tang Group
The Shanshui Manor villa delivered in person is right.
Look at me again
Shameful and thin
wife
Now you know why I chose your brother
This is the naked reality
There are highs and lows between people
Your brother's current achievements
You can't stand in line for the rest of your life
ending
Humph class
If the executives of the Down Group can't read
This is my parents digging my brother's corner
That means the Down Group
So that's it.